docs: update fdcurves.rst (#427)
lumicks/pylake: docs/tutorial/fdcurves.rst

    import lumicks.pylake as lk

    file = lk.File("20200430-192424 FD Curve FD_5_control_forw.h5")

List all the FD curves inside the file::

>     >>>list(file.fdcurves)

Reviewer: Shouldn't there be a space between `>>>` and the command?

```suggestion
    >>> list(file.fdcurves)
```

    ['FD_5_control_forw']

To visualizes an FD curve, you can use the built-in :meth:`.plot_scatter()
<lumicks.pylake.fdcurve.FdCurve.plot_scatter()>` method::

    fd = file.fdcurves["FD_5_control_forw"]
    fd.plot_scatter()

.. image:: figures/fdcurves/fdcurves_scatter.png

> Here, :attr:`.fdcurves <lumicks.pylake.File.fdcurves>` is a standard Python dictionary, so we can
> do standard `dict` thing with it. For example, we can iterate over all the FD curve in a file and plot them::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, :attr:`.fdcurves <lumicks.pylake.File.fdcurves>` is a standard Python dictionary, so we can
do all the things you do with a regular dictionary with it. For example, we can iterate over all the FD curve in a file and plot them::
```

    for name, fd in file.fdcurves.items():
        fd.plot_scatter()

>         plt.savefig(name + ".png")

Reviewer: Shouldn't we mention in the text that we are saving it to a file here?

Personally, I wonder if this saving even adds anything. Might be fine to just omit it.

Author: True, I removed the saving part

    force = fd.downsampled_force1y
    distance = fd.distance2

Plot FD curve manually::

    plt.scatter(distance.data, force.data)
    plt.ylabel("Force (pN)")
    plt.xlabel("Distance ($\mu$m)")
    plt.title("Manually plotted fd curve")

.. image:: figures/fdcurves/fdcurves_scatter_manual.png

Plot force versus time manually::

    plt.ylabel("Force (pN)")
    plt.xlabel("Timestamps (ns)")
    plt.title("Force vs Time")

.. image:: figures/fdcurves/fdcurves_f_vs_time.png

FD Ensembles
------------

FD curves can be aligned by combining them in an fd ensemble.
If all the fd curves of interest are in the same file, the ensemble can be defined as
`fd_ensemble = lk.FdEnsemble(ensemble_file.fdcurves)`. If the fd curves are in different files, the ensemble can be defined as follows::

    ensemble_file1 = lk.File("20210728-115145 FD Curve FD hairpin forward.h5")
    ensemble_file1.fdcurves

::

    ensemble_file2 = lk.File('20210728-115145 FD Curve FD hairpin back.h5')

>     ensemble_file2.fdcurves

Reviewer: I don't see the part where you merge them?

Author: Indeed forgot to add that part, updated it

    f = fd_ensemble.f
    d = fd_ensemble.d
    plt.scatter(d, f, s=1)
    plt.ylabel("Force (pN)")
    plt.xlabel("Distance $\mu$m")
    plt.title("Two aligned fd curves")

.. image:: figures/fdcurves/fdcurves_aligned.png

> Baseline Correction

Reviewer: You didn't change this, but I noticed that the indent below is a bit strange. Normal convention is two spaces after the code, and one after the hash.

```python
    file = lk.File("example.h5")
    fd = file.fdcurves["baseline"]  # low frequency, uncorrected force magnitude
    fd_bl = fd.with_baseline_corrected_x()  # low frequency, baseline corrected force x-component
```

Also, it might be nice to move the note _after_ the baseline correction is explained? Otherwise you start reading it before even knowing about baseline correction.

Author: Good point, included the suggestions
